README.md, before:

# NPM Imported Packages Lens

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm)
[![](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm)
[![Publish](https://github.com/mainawycliffe/npm-imported-packages-lens/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mainawycliffe/npm-imported-packages-lens/actions/workflows/publish.yml)

Provides a codelens link to view packages imported in javascript and typescript files on npm or on github.

!["Screen shot for Open Imported Packages on NPM"](./screenshots/demo.gif)

## Why

When you read JavaScript/Typescript code, have you ever encountered an imported
package and wanted to learn more about it? For instance, go to the NPM or GitHub
Repo, where you can get more information. When I find myself in this situation,
my process always involves copying the package name, Googling it, and finally
getting to my destination, either NPM, GitHub Repo, or the website for the
package. This can also be not as straightforward as you might think, as it could
involve several packages that are closely named, and you have to figure out
which one is the correct one. This extension looks to solve this problem and
make it easy to learn more about a package.

Commit message:

Update Docs and Description of the Package

README.md, after:

# NPM Imported Package Links

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm)
[![](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MainaWycliffe.view-package-on-npm)
[![Publish](https://github.com/mainawycliffe/npm-imported-packages-lens/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mainawycliffe/npm-imported-packages-lens/actions/workflows/publish.yml)

Displays links to NPM, Git Repo (GitHub/GitLab, etc.) and Homepage for an
imported packages in javascript and typescript files on hover.

## How it works

Just hover on an imported npm package and wait as the package links are loaded,
as shown below 🤯🤯🤯🤯.

!["Screen shot for Open Imported Packages on NPM"](./screenshots/demo.gif)

## Why

When you read JavaScript/Typescript code, have you ever encountered an imported
package and wanted to learn more about it? For instance, go to the NPM or GitHub
Repo, where you can get more information. When I find myself in this situation,
my process always involves copying the package name, Googling it, and finally
getting to my destination, either NPM, GitHub Repo, or the website for the
package. This can also be not as straightforward as you might think, as it could
involve several packages that are closely named, and you have to figure out
which one is the correct one. This extension looks to solve this problem and
make it easy to learn more about a package.
